# quarryplant
quarry cusher plant,stone and gravel crushing machine
Zhengzhou Zhongyi Mining Machinery Co., Ltd. (formerly state-owned Henan mining machinery plant) is engaged in mining crushing and screening equipment, manufactured sand election equipment, complete sets of processing equipment and urban construction waste mobile crushing plant to develop and produce sales of high-tech enterprises , headquartered in Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, the plant area of ​​15,000 square meters. 2010 annual sales exceeded 100 million yuan, of which exports amounted to 10 million. Since its inception, the company uphold the modern enterprise and scientific management methods, excellence, innovation, rapid development and expansion of the mining machinery industry star, is also China's largest mining machinery industry, product variety and series of the most complete, most competitive and the influence of one of the large enterprises.
Company brings together a large number of enterprising talent, technology center has a strong technical strength and scientific research and development team, including senior management staff of 10 people, 20 people graduate, graduates of colleges focus on more than 100 people, 15 senior engineers, 10 senior technicians 50 people, the online staff of more than 500 people, skilled workers more than 300 people formed a team of technical leader in the domestic mining machinery industry has a considerable influence. The company attaches great importance to international technical exchanges and cooperation, has introduced advanced technology and process the United States, Germany, Australia and other countries, with a hundred sets of production equipment, the establishment of the international advanced production line and first-class modern testing base. The company actively absorb advanced management ideas and methods at home and abroad, and effectively build a first-class team of employees. In 2010 the company's technology center in State Enterprise Technology Center evaluation in the top spear.
